Zhilong
Did you come here because you were worried about me?
I came here to get my stuff back
I didn't expect to see such a wonderful scene
Since you're all right now, I'll go first
Miss, what should I do now? I have my own way.
薛之谦
你别想轻易离开
Oh, mom, oh, be gentle, mom.
Dream butterfly baby
Ouch, don't you know?
Yesterday
What did they do to me and your sister?
Mom came to my house with luggage last night and tried to rape me
It was Xue Zhilong who came in time to save me
Who is this Xue Zhilong?
He came when we left home
Just one brat
How to transform
The four major families can be arranged
The Golden Dragon Award he can still control
I suspect there are powerful forces behind him
Since the Golden Dragon Award
My character endorsements are gone
Now I have to pay a large sum of liquidated damages, sister.
After that, what should we do?
Our Lin family depends on you now
If you can't do it, our Lin family is doomed
It seems that Xue Zhilong is not an ordinary person
You have to catch him well.
But now he has completely abandoned me.
And I also asked Xiaorong to go to the hotel yesterday.
What? He just divorced you?
Find another woman to go to the hotel
OK
I don't know what to do anymore.
When you first married him
Isn't it because of my grandmother?
Although my grandmother is gone now
We can still use his name
You can ask Xue Zhilong to meet
I don't think he will fail to give this face.
Then you can take the opportunity to put him on again
Make sure to catch him
Joker Xue
You don't want to leave easily